‎In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
‎Just a normal girl with a normal life.
‎But there's something about me
‎that no one knows yet.
‎Because I have a secret.
‎♪ Miraculous! Simply the best! ♪
‎♪ Up to the test when things go wrong! ♪
‎♪ Miraculous! The luckiest! ♪
‎♪ The power of love, always so strong! ♪
‎♪ Miraculous! ♪
‎ ‎I don't call the shots!
‎You're the superhero
‎who captures the akumas.
‎I'm just the cunning,
‎ultra-charming Cat Noir!
‎Right. You have it easy!
‎Easy? That's 'cause I make it look easy!
‎As cunning as you might be,
‎that prank you pulled
‎almost made my Lucky Charm fail!
‎Do you know why Master Fu gave you
‎the ladybug Miraculous instead of me?
‎Because it requires someone
‎with a sense of responsibility?
‎No. Because you don't have
‎a sense of humor!
‎Pff! Whatever!
‎Look, it's no big deal.
‎You have so many other great qualities!
‎I'm just in charge of humor!
‎You'd better get going before
‎you lose your clown costume!
‎Miss you already, Bugaboo!
‎-Don't call me--
‎-See? I was right!
‎Don't you want to be a model any more?
‎Yeah, but no one will ever pick me.
‎Did you discuss things with Marinette?
‎I don't want to bother her.
‎You're really pretty, Jul.
‎I'm sure she'd love
‎to have you as her model.
‎You've got to follow your dreams in life.
‎Don't let them pass you by!
‎You were made for this. Go for it!
‎Mrs. Mendeleiev wasn't in today.
‎What should we do?
‎We're out an hour early.
‎We should use this extra time
‎to make that video
‎for Marinette's soon-to-be-website!
‎-Yeah!
‎-Good idea!
‎Remember I asked you guys to think about
‎modeling Marinette's designs? Any takers?
‎I... I'd like to do it!
‎Juleka?
‎ ‎I've never seen
‎the top half of your face before!
‎ ‎It really suits you!
‎Oh, it's just a barrette. I just...
‎-We've got our model!
‎Hey!
‎We're gonna need a technical director.
‎Someone who knows his way
‎around fashion shoots...
‎Don't even think about it!
‎If he's in my house, in my room,
‎I'll be a complete mess!
‎No, you won't! You'll be in your element.
‎It's the perfect chance
‎for you to get close.
‎No, I... Alya no!
‎Could you help out with a fashion shoot?
‎I'd love to Alya,
‎but I have to get home,
‎or else my father...
‎I know, but you were supposed to be
‎in Mrs Mendeleiev's class,
‎and since she's not here,
‎you don't have to be home
‎for an entire hour.
‎Your dad won't know any different.
‎She's got a point!
‎Oh! OK, then!
‎Oh, no!
‎This is totally your chance
‎to ask him to the movies!
‎Alix, could you shine the light
‎on Juleka's shoulders, please?
‎I want her to stand out.
‎Does that work for you, Marinette?
‎Huh? Uh... sure. You're perfect!
‎-I mean... it's perfect!
‎-This one.
‎It'll complement the suit.
‎I thought the same thing, Madrien!
‎Adrien!
‎How about a smile for the camera, Juleka?
‎Uh, I don't think
‎this is such a good idea, you guys.
‎Is something wrong?
‎It was really cool of you
‎to agree to be my model,
‎but I can tell
‎you're not comfortable about it.
‎Decide fast. We've less than an hour
‎before Adrien must go.
‎That's OK, maybe we can do it
‎some other day, if my father lets me.
‎Would you prefer
‎if someone stand in for you?
‎This is something I should do myself.
‎These are my designs and--
‎Of course! Awesome idea, Marinette!
‎The coolest thing about your designs
‎is they work well with guys and girls.
‎A guy, a girl... same suits...
‎What do you think, Adrien? Are you in?
‎If it helps.
‎See? This is gonna be awesome!
‎Give Marinette your suit.
‎Marinette, grab a suit for Adrien!
‎Here are your accessories,
‎created by the one and only
‎Marinette Dupain-Cheng!
‎Just bought you some extra time
‎to ask him out!
‎-You're welcome!
‎ I...
‎-Don't do that, Marinette!
‎-It won't be for long, Tikki.
‎Besides, you'll hold on to them for me.
‎-I hope you're kidding!
‎-It won't be for long, Plagg.
‎Besides, you'll be nearby.
‎Oh!
‎-Whoa!
‎-You look so beautiful!
‎-It's uber-perfect!
‎-Looks like we're ready!
‎-Are you OK, Marinette?
‎-Yeah, he's too hot!
‎I mean, I'm overheating in here,
‎aren't you?
‎OK! Change of plan.
‎We're gonna take the shoot outside!
‎-‎ Come on, let's go!
‎-New environment!
‎It'll be easier to breathe outside.
‎You can do it!
‎-What's the matter, Juleka?
‎-I... I'd rather not come.
‎-What? Why not?
‎-Nothing, I...
‎-I'll stay with you.
‎-No, don't worry. Please, go.
‎-Tired and need to study and...
‎-Are you sure?
‎Girls! We've only got 30 minutes left!
‎OK, then, make yourself at home.
‎See you in a bit!
‎I was so lame!
‎I ruined everything! As usual...
‎Yet again, my young prey fails
‎to be the centre of attention.
‎Nathalie, I need Mayura
‎to give this negative
‎emotion a new dimension.
‎Duusuu, spread my feathers!
‎Fly away, little akuma, and evilise her!
‎Fly away, beautiful amok,
‎and enhance and hone that frustration!
‎To the Eiffel Tower, please!
‎-Thanks for fetching us!
‎We've got a little time
‎before school's officially over.
‎I'm doing this to help my friends out.
‎ ‎Please!
‎Reflekta, I am Hawk Moth.
‎I'm giving you the power to make
‎people look just like you again,
‎so that everyone will notice you.
‎Reflekta, I am Mayura.
‎To help you succeed,
‎you'll be assisted by Reflekdoll.
‎She'll be entirely under your control.
‎And in return, of course,
‎you must get hold of Ladybug
‎and Cat Noir's Miraculous.
‎Hawk Moth, Mayura,
‎you can count on me.
‎I will succeed this time!
‎ ‎What's that?
‎ ‎Ha!
‎Ha!
‎-Don't leave, my friends!
‎You're the very people
‎I've been looking for!
‎I've got something special for your video!
‎I'll show you what it feels like to be me!
‎I'm sorry.
‎I should have stayed with you!
‎Juleka is no more. I am Reflekta!
‎Everyone always forgets about
‎Juleka anyway!
‎Tikki... spots on!
‎Tikki... oh, no!
‎Plagg, claws out! Plagg?
‎This is our lucky day, Sugarcube.
‎A miracle in the making!
‎Now we can enjoy a nice aged snack
‎while we wait for them
‎to finish their film!
‎Ew!
‎Huh?
‎-Hide in the car!
‎-What about you?
‎I'll, uh...
‎Marinette! You stole my limelight!
‎I was supposed to be the star of the film!
‎But you told me you didn't want to be!
‎You didn't let me explain!
‎Perhaps you'll understand me better
‎now that you're in my shoes!
‎Nobody can escape me!
‎Oh, no! This is terrible, Plagg!
‎How are we going to find our owners?
‎Everybody looks exactly the same!
‎We have to find the Miraculouses first!
‎Paris is doomed
‎without Ladybug and Cat Noir!
‎Got it!
‎Stay focused, Sugarcube!
‎Everything will be all right!
‎Rose! Where are you, my BFF?
‎Come to me. We'll be like
‎twin sisters for ever and ever!
‎-There you are!
‎Cat Noir! Cat Noir!
‎Cat Noir!
‎ Plagg?
‎You're not...
‎What are you doing here?
‎Has Cat Noir lost his Miraculous?
‎Have you seen Tikki?
‎It's a long story, Marinette.
‎Whatever! There's no time!
‎Plagg, claws out!
‎Yes!
‎ ‎Plagg! Plagg!
‎Marinette!
‎- ‎Plagg! Plagg!
‎-You are Cat Noir, correct?
‎And that over there is... Ladybug?
‎There's been a little mix-up.
‎I'm Tikki, pleased to meet you!
‎Well, Tikki, spots on!
‎Well, Milady Noire, looks like
‎you'll play the easy part today!
‎Not so sure about that!
‎Looks like we'll be taking on
‎two opponents, with each other's powers!
‎Stay focused, Mr. Bug!
‎Use the yo-yo as a shield!
‎Ow!
‎They've swapped their Miraculouses!
‎And they're struggling with their powers!
‎Make the most of it, Reflekta!
‎Their Miraculouses are within your reach!
‎Yes, Hawk Moth!
‎Just my luck.
‎I'll have to capture two akumas!
‎No! One akuma and one amok!
‎Reflekta's been reakumatised,
‎but that giant doll is a Sentimonster,
‎created by the Peacock Miraculous!
‎OK, so we have to find
‎the akumatised object and the amok!
‎Can you manage or should we switch back?
‎I'm totally capable of doing it!
‎-I just need to use my Lucky--
‎-No, wait!
‎-Why did you do that?
‎-It's too early!
‎-You don't know enough about her!
‎-Watch out!
‎It's Reflekta controlling a giant doll!
‎But you don't know
‎where the akuma and amok are!
‎The akuma's probably
‎in the same place as before,
‎in her bracelet!
‎Maybe. We're gonna have to check that!
‎ ‎If I could just get my hands
‎on a mirror,
‎I could reflect her beam back at her!
‎That's not how it works.
‎-The Lucky Charm
‎doesn't give you what you want!
‎We'll see about that! Watch and learn!
‎Lucky Charm!
‎-A mirror?
‎-Beginner's luck!
‎You're just jealous of my mastery,
‎that's all!
‎-Very effective, Mr. Bug!
‎-But I thought...
‎The Lucky Charm doesn't just give you
‎an object to defeat the villain with.
‎You have to figure out exactly
‎how to use it to win the battle!
‎Using your head!
‎Now that you've used up your Lucky Charm,
‎you've only got a few minutes left
‎before you transform back, Bugaboy!
‎Why don't you try helping me
‎instead of making fun of me?
‎Doesn't Bugaboy have a sense of humor?
‎ ‎Sounds like you're wearing
‎the clown costume now!
‎You bet! I am the cunning,
‎funny and ultra-charming Lady Noire!
‎Watch and learn!
‎Cataclysm!
‎-What's happening?
‎-You think that's normal?
‎Dunno. I've never cataclysmed
‎a Sentimonster before.
‎It's as if the cataclysm
‎was like a bee sting on a bull.
‎It riled it up
‎without actually wounding it!
‎We don't have much time
‎before we transform back.
‎We still don't know where the amok is.
‎ ‎No, Reflekdoll! Stop!
‎She-Cat Noir, Bug Boy, help me!
‎So, you like playing with dolls?
‎Hey! You stole my line!
‎-Should I retrieve the amok?
‎-No, definitely not.
‎Chaos can prove a good ally.
‎These costumes look ridiculous on you!
‎I'm going to redo your wardrobe!
‎You could at least
‎show a bit of gratitude!
‎Besides, I think we look
‎pretty good in these costumes!
‎Don't forget to capture the akuma!
‎I've always wanted to do this!
‎Playtime's over, little akuma.
‎Time to de-evilise!
‎Gotcha!
‎Bye-bye, little butterfly.
‎Oh, well, whatever.
‎I'll just fix everything back up anyway!
‎-Mira--
‎-Let's stop Reflekdoll from destroying
‎anything else
‎before we go around repairing everything.
‎OK, I admit it.
‎It's not easy being a super ladybug!
‎And I admit that I like
‎wearing your costume.
‎It's a lot lighter on the shoulders!
‎I could never do this without you.
‎Reflekta was controlling
‎the doll from inside its eye.
‎We'll have to find the object
‎containing the amok.
‎But how can we do that
‎without getting hit by its beam?
‎Why don't we just figure out
‎how to use this mirror?
‎You're a simple, straightforward guy.
‎Thanks for the "simple" part!
‎While I always tend to come up
‎with convoluted plans.
‎Not to say "surreal!"
‎Of course! Simple and straightforward!
‎See that panel on the back of its head?
‎That's how we're gonna get in!
‎-And all we need is a--
‎-A screwdriver!
‎-Or a coin!
‎-That's right!
‎-Or something big and round like a coin!
‎-Mmm-hmm.
‎I'd have just asked
‎for a huge coin if I'd known!
‎Sure, but you can never know in advance.
‎-The stick shift is a hairclip!
‎-You're the best, milady!
‎Time to de-evilise! Gotcha!
‎Bye-bye, little feather!
‎Miraculous... Mister Bug!
‎ ‎Pound it!
‎ ‎We failed yet again!
‎But there are two of us now.
‎We're much stronger.
‎And we will win in the end.
‎Duusuu, fall my feathers!
‎Nooroo, dark wings fall.
‎-Yahoo! That was awesome!
‎No, it wasn't awesome at all!
‎Are you OK, Miss Nathalie?
‎Everything's fine. She's just tired.
‎-Yahoo!
‎-Nathalie needs peace and quiet.
‎Duusuu, let her rest.
‎Yes, of course! Sorry.
‎Honestly, I understand why you never have
‎any time to make jokes.
‎We both have our roles, huh, Bugaboy?
‎Spots off!
‎See you again soon, Tikki!
‎Goodbye, Adrien.
‎Claws in!
‎Bye-bye, Plagg. That was really awesome!
‎Sure was! No better way to escape
‎the boredom of daily life!
‎You can count on me, Plagg.
‎I'll never take off my Miraculous again.
‎I'm not cut out to be Ladybug,
‎that's for sure!
‎I was so afraid I'd lost you forever.
‎I'm so happy to have you back!
‎Girls!
‎-Are you OK?
‎-I'm so sorry, Juleka.
‎I should've realized
‎how important this was for you.
‎Do you wanna give it another try?
‎Yeah, totally. Awesome!
‎Do you still have any time left, Adrien?
‎It's important!
‎ ‎Please!
‎ ‎Yeah!